# Memo 
* For a random visitor, the system provide a GUI showcasing the top 3 rated projects and top rating OU profiles and SU profiles to showcase the power of the system. A visitor can surf around to find more OUs/VIPs and projects
  * For this feature, the visitor has the option to choose to continue as a visitor where they will be redirected to the home page that displays the top 3 projects and users. They also have the option to provide feedback on improving the application. Furthermore, they have the option to browse through other projects and users via selecting “Browse”’ from the menu.

* Give visitor an option to register to be OU: the visitor has to fill in basic personal information such as name, email address, interest, credential and reference who are already an OU or VIP of the system. One SU will check these info to either approve or reject. If approved, the SU will send an email with account id and password, when the new OU first login, s/he is required to change the password. If rejected, the applicant has one chance to appeal and the SU will make a final decision to reverse the rejection: if still reject, then this visitor will be put in blacklist forever. The approved OU will receive an initial reputation score by the reference: an OU can give a score 0-10; a VIP can give score 0-20.
  * A visitor can click on “Register” in the app and create an account after adding their name, email, interest, credential, and reference.
  * The visitor gets a notification message the super user will review the application if the submission of the form is successful. 
  * When the new OU logs in with the account given, they get a notification to change their password. The visitor can re-register if rejected.
  * The super user logins and from there, they can access the users who registered via the button "Registration" where they can choose to either accept or reject the user's application.

* OUs can form groups by inviting other OU(s) for a certain purpose: the other OUs can accept or reject the invite. If reject, the OU should respond by the reason. An OU can put some OUs to his/her white-box: accept all invites or black-box: reject all invites with automatic message. For instance, the group could be some students taking 32200 as a study group.
  * The user has the option to select “Invite” via the menu which will redirect them to a page listing all the registered users. They then can click the “Option” button which will redirect them to a page where they can either invite a user or place a user into their blackbox or whitebox and have it displayed. If a user is in the blackbox then they can’t be added to the whitebox and vice versa. Furthermore, if the user tries to invite a user that has placed them into the blackbox they will automatically receive the message “Invitation Declined”. On the other hand, if they are in the whitebox, they receive the message “Invitation Accepted”, else they receive “Invitation Sent” so long as the user exists.


* Once a group is formed, a group web-page should be made available that is accessible to all group members: some information is public to be browsed by visitors and other OUs, some could be set as private to the group members only such as evaluations and warnings. All group members can moderate and post to the group page. This page will be used for posting updates and scheduling meet-ups.
  * From the logged in user’s perspective, the user can go on their group’s page and see all of the group’s info. A member of the group can see the different options for group and member evaluation while a visitor can only see the group’s work. The members can post and the posts are displayed on the group page.

* Any group member can ask for a meet-up polling to find common time for all members to meet. Once all members responded, the time slot with the most votes will be chosen. If a member has missed scheduled meeting twice, s/he will receive a warning. The voted out member can appeal to the SU to possibly change the reputation scores. Each group member should have a track record for the number of assigned tasks that have been done, which is the foundation for the group warnings and the appeals of the affected group member(s).
  * Once the user logins, they have the option to select “Group” from the menu. In that page, the user is able to see information on the project they are in, such as the team members and the updates/posts. In addition, they can click on the button “Poll” where it redirects them to a page where they can vote on the time they would like to meet, such that the timeslot with the most votes will be chosen. The user can also click on the button “Chat” which will allow them to communicate with each other and if they were to use a taboo word, that word will be censored with *** Another button the user can click is “Track Record” which will display a list of tasks each user has to do. Once they check the task, the message “Assignment Completed” pops up indicating that the task has been done, they can also uncheck if they realized that they are not done with it. The final button on the “Group” page is the “Vote” button which allows the user to choose between the tabs “Group Evaluation” and “Member Evaluation.” In the member evaluation, the user selects one of their team members and can choose to vote to remove them from the team or compliment them. The votes are then sent to the superuser to decide what to do.

* The group members can vote to issue a warning or a praise to a group member, the vote must be unanimous. A member receiving 3 warnings will be automatically removed from the group and get a 5 point reputation score deduction. The group can also vote to kick out a member directly, the member will be removed from the group and receives 10 point reputation score deduction. An OU with negative reputation score will be removed from the system and put into black-list automatically.
  * From the user’s page, the user can select a member and vote to remove that member or send feedback to that member. If other members vote to remove that member, the super user will remove the member.

* The group members can vote to close the group, and conduct an exit evaluation to other members. Each member will receive the median reputation score given by all other members. And every member can decide if s/he is willing to put the other member to her/his white-box or black-box afterwards and why. After group closure, the SU will assign a VIP to evaluate the group and determine a reputation score for the entire group to be added/deducted for all members involved. The system will keep a ranking list of finished groups to be showcased.
  * Group members can vote to close the group and leave a group evaluation on a group page. All the different options are shown in the “group” page. In the “invite” page, a user can whitebox or blackbox another user. The VIP can send a group evaluation to the super user.

* An OU whose reputation score is higher than 30 will be promoted to VIP; and a VIP whose score is lower than 25 will be demoted. All VIPs can vote one VIP as the democratic SU. 
  * Users can go to the “vote” page and vote for a user to add or remove points from their reputation. VIPs can vote for a democratic super user by clicking on “super user” on the vote page.
  
* Visitors and OUs can complain to SU about a group or other OUs, the SU will decide if the complaint merit action. The SU can decide to shut down the group or OU and punish all involved by a certain score deduction or even kick them out from the entire system.
  * Visitors can complain to the SU or send a compliment about any member or any group on the “complain/compliment page”. The super user can decide what to do based on the feedback. Once the super user login, they will see a list of all the users registered and by clicking on the user, they will be removed from the system and the message "Sent Email notifying user of removal" pops up. 

* OUs who are kicked out will have the final chance to login and do some final processing and will be unable to login ever after.
  * Once the user’s privileges are gone and their credentials are no longer valid, they cannot login into the system.

* The entire system keep a list of taboo word list, any message by any OU with these taboo word will be converted to *** automatically and the OU’s reputation score will be decreased by 1: if s/he uses the same word again later, his/her reputation score will be decreased by 5.
  * In the group chat page which is accessed via “Group” and then the button “Chat,” if any taboo word is encountered, the system automatically converts it to *** and the user who sent that, their  score is deducted by one point. 

* OUs can send compliment about other OUs to SU, and SU will increase the reputation score of the complimented OU, any OU receiving 3 compliments, regardless of the reputation score.
  * The registered user can head to the “Complain/Compliment” page via the menu where they enter the subject (e.g. I want to compliment User1) and the body (e.g. User1 is very helpful and responsible) which will be sent to SU as an email where they will decide whether to increase the complimented/complained about user reputation score.

